
Here’s a summary of the project requirements for analyzing Zuber's ride-sharing data in Chicago:

Project Overview
You’re tasked with analyzing data for Zuber, a new ride-sharing company, to identify passenger patterns and assess the influence of weather on ride frequency. Your analysis will use SQL to work with a database of taxi rides, neighborhood data, and weather records in Chicago.

Key Steps and Requirements
Exploratory Data Analysis
Taxi Ride Counts by Company: For November 15-16, 2017, count rides per company and sort in descending order by the number of rides (trips_amount).
Rides for Specific Companies: From November 1-7, 2017, count rides for companies with “Yellow” or “Blue” in their names, grouped by company_name.
Top Companies vs. Others: For November 2017, find the ride count for Flash Cab and Taxi Affiliation Services, labeling other companies as “Other.” Sort by trips_amount in descending order.
Analyze Impact of Weather on Rides from the Loop to O’Hare
Neighborhood IDs: Identify the neighborhood_id for Loop (50) and O’Hare (63) neighborhoods.
Categorize Weather Conditions: Create hourly weather records by labeling conditions as “Bad” (if they include “rain” or “storm”) or “Good” otherwise, using a weather_conditions field.
Saturday Rides Analysis: Retrieve data for rides from the Loop to O'Hare on Saturdays, including ride duration and weather conditions. Ignore rides with missing weather data.
Final Deliverables
Provide the SQL queries and resulting data for each step to help Zuber understand ride frequency trends, the impact of specific weather conditions, and potential passenger preferences.

This analysis will assist Zuber in making informed business decisions regarding ride availability and marketing strategies.
