Project Requirements: Superstore Data Visualization Project
As a consultant for a struggling superstore, your goal is to analyze the store’s operations to identify areas for profitability improvement and reduce losses. This project requires creating visualizations to guide business decisions on profits, advertising, and return rates. The analysis will be evaluated using the provided rubric, focusing on clarity, insights, and actionable recommendations.

Project Steps:

Profits & Losses Analysis
Determine the two biggest profit centers and two biggest sources of losses using pairs of dimensions (e.g., subcategory + region).
Identify and visualize products that should no longer be sold based on profitability.
Recommend three product subcategories to focus on and three to eliminate, justifying with visual evidence.
Advertising Strategy
Identify the three best combinations of state and month to advertise in, based on average profit per unit sold.
Visualize monthly average profit in these states and calculate a recommended ad spend (up to 1/5 of profits) for each combination.
Returned Items Analysis
Merge the Returns table with the Orders table to analyze product return rates.
Create a calculated field for the Returned column where “Yes” = 1 and “null” = 0.
Visualize:
Products with the highest return rates.
Customers with the highest return rates.
Present a visualization of average profit versus return rate by a chosen dimension (e.g., state, shipping mode, product type) to support recommendations on retaining or discontinuing based on this factor.
Deliverables: Use clear visualizations to support each answer, organize findings in separate sheets, and provide actionable insights for the superstore’s profitability.
